---
layout: post
title: "Google Code In 2017: My Experience with the "Extended Hackathon" "
description: 
headline: 
modified: 
category: personal
tags: []
feature-img: 
mathjax: 
chart: 
author: 'Raghav Goyal'
comments: true
featured: false
---

## My Experience at Google Code In 2017

This is my second and I suppose the last year that I will be able to do Google Code In (I'll be too old next year :( ). A lot has changed since the first time I participated in Google Code In, which was in 2016. During the 2016 competition I didn't have much experience with Git or Github so I was struggling to complete many tasks. I ended up completing three tasks. 

Since then I have used Git and Github a lot more and feel much more comfortable using them. This year I changed my strategy to work harder, put in more effort and figure things out as I go. The key is to stick on one task and only one task until you complete it. This time around I am finding Google Code In much more engaging and interesting thanks in part to the great tasks by JBoss community but also because I am motivated and compelled to complete as many tasks I can whilst maintaining a high quality for each task due to this being my last opportunity to participate. I find myself working on GCI during any free moment in my day. The satisfaction of having a task accepted is immense, and every time a task is accepted I feel like I am one step closer to my goal.  

I like Google Code In because I see it as an extended hackathon. I've been to hackathons in the past and they have all compelled and somewhat forced me to learn something new in order to build a prototype in time. In the same way GCI motivates me to learn new things in order to complete tasks and therefore improve my skills to take on more challenging tasks. I feel that the JBoss community tasks are perfect for me as they challenge me in the right way. Thats why all the tasks I have completed and intend to complete are from JBoss Community.

## What I have learned so far at GCI 2017
*	Creating pull requests and issues
* Working with various new technologies
*	Getting involved with the community i.e. helping others and receiving help.
*	How to setup a local server
* What MongoDB is and how it is installed on Ubuntu
* The basics of using Xcode


**I want to continue to learn new things through completing GCI tasks so that I can develop my skills further!**
