 ---
 layout: post
 title: Blog-GCI
 modified: 2017-11-01
 author: Anantha Vijay
 category: personal
 comments: true
 ---
 
## JBOSS :
 
 JBOSS Community is an organization participating in Google Code-in. My first task I did with JBoss Community. It was looking very easy. I wanted to get just a shirt. But when I came to JBOSS Community I was encouraged by the mentors and my friends in the Gitter Channel. I think JBOSS's website creation is the best in the world... Their working on a great project like the compressor head project. "JBOSS is the Big BOSS " To know more about JBoss just go to this link: https://gci.jboss-outreach.org/ . To join the JBOSS channel and chat with the mentors and contributors go to this link: https://gitter.im/jboss-outreach/gci.
 
## Google Code-In (2017-2018) :
 
This contest will attract many students to participate in it as they award a shirt for completing just three tasks. Most of them participate in it to get a t-shirt. I learnt a lot from this contest. I learnt git in one day. That was a big achievement for me. My mentors were very kind to me. @Murad was the mentor who approved me for all the tasks. Every mentor in JBoss Community was working all nights and days. This is a good contest as every teen get to learn about coding, designing and many other things. I learnt to design and coding. If I don't win also I will not cry because I got a great community to contribute and to work with them. I am a 14-year-old app developer. I guess I learnt many things to improve my app. Google is keeping the world engaged in their contests throughout the year. This will be a great opportunity for many teens. This will recognize the great and superb coders in the world and give them awards which will encourage them. The feeling you get when you win a t-shirt from Google can't be compared to anything in the world. Thanks for the memories and Thank you Google for the wonderful experience.I could learn many things. And meeting a people from worldwide, from countries that I don't know was a very good experience. I guess this is the best contest for google. It is a Learning competition more than a race. Everyone is a mentor in glitter channel teaching me and I am a student...
 
## Apologies :
 
I apologize to my friends especially @sidhyatikku and many others for annoying them.Sorry ...

Link to my blog: vjmessi35.wixsite.com/vijaywebsite/blank-1/2018/01/11/GCI---JBOSS-COMMUNITY
