---
layout: post
title: "My GCI Experience"
description: 
headline: 
modified: 2017-12-06 19:04:00 +0000
category: personal
tags: []
feature-img: 
mathjax: 
chart: 
author: 'Vishwas Adiga'
comments: true
featured: false
---

## My Experience at Google Code In 2017

The concept of competitive programming had been relatively new to me until I heard of Google Code In and Code Jam. I decided to have a go at 2017’s Code In, expecting a new and fun-filled experience. And I sure wasn’t disappointed.

I was waiting for the opening of registrations on November 28, refreshing the page every five seconds to check if the contest had begun yet. And finally, three minutes past the scheduled time, I was able to register. The tasks page had an unending number of challenging tasks, and I was tempted to claim each and every one of them. Being a first time participant, I didn’t know that only one task could be claimed at a time. The task I chose first was a UI design one, as UI development and coding were among my favourite categories. Unfortunately, I couldn’t complete the task, and had to abandon it.

Later, I continued checking out other tasks, and claimed a logo design task by JBoss Community. It got approved, and that was a major boost in my confidence. Since then, I have claimed many UI/coding tasks, and I have been enjoying completing all of them.

## What I gained at GCI 2017
*	I could acquire a very specific skill set required to complete tasks.
*	Meeting people around the world was a delight, as I could learn a lot of things from them.
*	The mentors were helpful, and were more like peers who would patiently talk to us and help solve our issues.

In short, GCI was a sweet and extravagant event for me, and it has been more of a learning experience than a competiton, and has helped me witness the true power of open source.

**I'm surely participating every year from now on!**
