---
layout: post
title: "Virtualization : Multitask like a Boss."
description: "The most effective cost cutting solution."
headline:
modified: 2018-01-10 22:56:23 +0530
category: personal
tags: []
feature-img:
mathjax:
chart:
author: 'Sidhya Tikku'
comments: true
featured: true
---

I attended a RedHat (parent company of JBoss) webinar on virtualization. The main objective was to introduce various businesses and students to the **Virtualization** & RedHat's flagship Virtualization software. The webinar was hosted by **Gunnar Hellekson** & **Rex Backman**. The webinar focused on how can virtualization be beneficial for companies and businesses.

## What is virtualization ?

Virtualization is the process of creating a software-based (or virtual) representation of something rather than a physical one. Virtualization can apply to applications, servers, storage, and networks and is the one of the most effective ways to reduce IT expenses while boosting efficiency and agility for all size businesses. Most commonly, it refers to running multiple operating systems on a computer system simultaneously. Virtualization will remain an integral part of the modern datacenter for the next several years. According to the Uptime Institute, up to 65% of workloads are still on-premise. While virtualized workloads may give way to the cloud and other emerging technologies, it still puts virtualization in focus as a technology that needs to be modernized.

## Advantages of virtualization :-

* Can be useful websites and web app builds & tests
* Can be easily transferred to cloud
* Reduced infrastructure costs
* Reduced electronic costs
* Can improve performance
* Easy migration from one Virtual machine to other
* Improved security

After discussing the above points briefly, the topic of discussion shifted from just virtualization to comparison of various virtualization applications. Various applications like VMware were compared with RedHat virtualization applications.

## Question that I asked :-

Q. How can students be introduced to Virtualization ?

A. Students can checkout **oVirt**, a RedHat opensource initiative targeting virtualization being introduced to the small businesses and students. Also RedHat opensource forums can help for the same.

## How I use virtualization :-

* I've a MacBook Pro and I use **Oracle's VirtualBox** to run **Kali Linux** for learning basic penetration testing and ethical hacking.
* Most commonly for Mobile application development, I use **Android Studio** (for Android) & **Xcode** (for iOS) in-built emulators.
